uv documentation modifications (#464)
ResearchComputing/Documentation: docs/software/uv.md

# uv

> To support fast and reproducible Python workflows, CURC now provides [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/), a modern Python package and environment manager developed by Astral. `uv` is implemented in Rust and designed for speed, reliability, and Python-native workflows using `venv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support fast and reproducible Python workflows, CURC now provides [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/), a modern Python package and environment manager developed by Astral. `uv` is implemented in Rust and is designed for speed, reliability, and Python-native workflows using `venv`. `venv` is the standard tool in Python for creating lightweight, isolated environments. Each environment created with `venv` has its own directory with a Python interpreter and a separate set of installed packages. 
```

```{note}
**uv is a new and actively developed tool.**  Because it is still evolving, new versions and features are released frequently. CURC will aim to keep this tool updated, but we cannot guarantee that the module will always reflect the absolute latest release.

```

## Using `uv` on CURC

### Loading the `uv` Module

To start using `uv`, you must first load the relevant module in your interactive session:

```
module load uv
```

> ```{important}

Reviewer: Below I would modify the statement to the following (I can't suggest this because it is not in the PR):
```
Loading the `uv` module sets a key environment variable `$UV_ENVS`. This environment variable specifies the default directory where you should create virtual environments. This variable is set to: `/projects/$USER/software/uv/envs` and is created when the `uv` module is loaded. 
```

```

## Using `uv` on CURC

### Loading the `uv` Module

To start using `uv`, you must first load the relevant module in your interactive session:

```
$ module load uv
```

```{important}
Loading the `uv` module sets a key environment variable `$UV_ENVS`. This environment variable specifies the default directory where you should create virtual environments. This variable is set to: `/projects/$USER/software/uv/envs` and is created when the `uv` module is loaded. 
```

### View run options

To view a list of all available commands and options for `uv`, run:

```
$ uv --help
```

You can also see additional help for each command by running:

```
$ uv <command> --help
```

For example, to get detailed help for creating a virtual environment with `uv venv`, run:

```
$ uv venv --help
```

### Creating a Virtual Environment with `uv`

Once the `uv` module is loaded, you can create a new Python virtual environment by running:

```
$ uv venv $UV_ENVS/mycustomenv
```

This will create a virtual environment named `mycustomenv` in the directory specified by the `$UV_ENVS` environment variable.

> You will know that you have properly activated the environment because you should see `(mycustomenv)` in front of your prompt. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will know that you have properly activated the environment when you see `(mycustomenv)` in front of your prompt e.g.
```

> 

Reviewer: This note feels out of place. I think it is more of a background on venv. I added a portion of the content here to the introduction. If you agree with this, I would remove this note.

uv venv --help
```

### Creating a Virtual Environment with `uv`

Once the `uv` module is loaded, you can create a new Python virtual environment by running:

```

> $ uv venv $UV_ENVS/mycustomenv

Reviewer: For some of these commands, you provide `$` and others you do not. So, I would be consistent with that. Also, the copy button for 
```
(mycustomenv) $ uv pip install numpy
```
copies the whole thing. If we could prevent `(mycustomenv) $` from being copied, that would be great.

Author: I wasn't able to find a way to prevent the `(mycustomenv)` prompt from being copied, even though I was able to disable the copying of the $ symbol. As a result, I decided to remove the `(mycustomenv) $` prompt entirely to avoid any confusion. Let me know if you'd like further adjustments!

```
$ source $UV_ENVS/mycustomenv/bin/activate

> ```

Reviewer: Now that we have removed `mycustomenv` below. Maybe it is worth spelling it out here for users e.g.

You will know that your environment has been properly loaded when the environment name appears in parenthesis on the command line e.g. `(mycustomenv)`. 

or something like that

> This will install the `numpy` package in the active virtual environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install the `numpy` package in the active virtual environment `mycustomenv`.
```

> 

Reviewer: I also feel like the flow can be improved for this section. I would suggest the following renaming:
```
### Using Python with `uv` --> ### Installing Python packages with `uv`
```
and moving this section after `Creating a Virtual Environment with uv`
